Create config docs - Closes #626 (#628)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/configuration.adoc

GEOIP_JSON=https://geoip.lisk.io/json

----

=== Betanet

.lisk-service/env/betanet.env
[source,bash]
----
LISK_CORE_HTTP=https://betanet.lisk.io
LISK_CORE_WS=wss://betanet.lisk.io
LISK_STATIC=https://static-data.lisk.io

SERVICE_BROKER=redis://localhost:6379/0
SERVICE_CORE_POSTGRES=postgres://lisk:password@localhost:5432/lisk
SERVICE_CORE_REDIS=redis://localhost:6379/1
SERVICE_GATEWAY_REDIS=redis://localhost:6379/2

SERVICE_LOG_CONSOLE=false
SERVICE_LOG_FILE=./logs/app.log
SERVICE_LOG_GELF=localhost:12201/udp
SERVICE_LOG_LEVEL=info
SERVICE_LOG_STDOUT=true

GEOIP_JSON=https://geoip.lisk.io/json
----

=== Devnet

.lisk-service/env/local.env
[source,bash]
----
LISK_CORE_HTTP=http://localhost:4000
LISK_CORE_WS=ws://localhost:4000
LISK_STATIC=https://static-data.lisk.io

SERVICE_BROKER=redis://localhost:6379/0
SERVICE_CORE_POSTGRES=postgres://lisk:password@localhost:5432/lisk
SERVICE_CORE_REDIS=redis://localhost:6379/1
SERVICE_GATEWAY_REDIS=redis://localhost:6379/2

SERVICE_LOG_CONSOLE=false
SERVICE_LOG_FILE=./logs/app.log
SERVICE_LOG_GELF=localhost:12201/udp
SERVICE_LOG_LEVEL=info
SERVICE_LOG_STDOUT=true

GEOIP_JSON=https://geoip.lisk.io/json
----

== Custom configuration

> To manually change certain config options in Lisk Service, it is possible to either define them in the `.env` file, or alternatively, to export them on the command-line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually change certain config options in Lisk Service, it is possible to either define them in the `.env` file, or alternatively, to export them via the command-line.
```

=== .env file

> Beside just copy-pasting the <<default_configs,preconfigured configuration files>>, it is of course also possible to adjust the `.env` file to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to just copy-pasting the <<default_configs,preconfigured configuration files>>, it is of course also possible to adjust the `.env` file to suit your requirements.
```
